New post: Uploading And Downloading Your World files (#47)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/minecraft/general/2021-08-31-Uploading-downloading-your-world-file.md

---
layout: post

> title:  "Uploading/Downloading Your World Files"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:  "Uploading And Downloading Your World Files"
```

categories: Minecraft
tags: mcgeneral

> permalink: /minecraft/general/uploading-downloading-your-world-files/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permalink: /minecraft/general/uploading-and-downloading-your-world-files/
```

---

# Uploading Your World
This guide explains how to upload a world to your server!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure your server is turned off while following the steps below.
> Make sure your world is compressed (in ".zip", ".rar" formats or others) before following the steps below.
```

> Would you like to upload a world to your server? Great! Follow the guide below to learn how!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to upload a world to your server!
```

> 1. Set up your server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Setup your server. You can create servers on the [client panel](https://client.falixnodes.net).
```

> 1. etup your server. You can create servers on the [client panel](https://client.falixnodes.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Setup your server. You can create servers on the [client panel](https://client.falixnodes.net).
```

2. Go to the [game panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net).
3. Click on your server.
4. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.
5. Click on "Upload", it is a big blue button located at the top right of the page.
6. Select your world archive.
7. After it is done uploading, locate your world archive and click on the 3 dots to its right.
8. Click on "unarchive".
9. Your world should be uploaded!

> > Note: Make sure your world is archived before following the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > Note: Make sure your server is off while following the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Note: You can also use [SFTP](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/sftp/)!

> ---------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Wouldn't it be better to add a break line? it separates both guides.

Reviewer: Well, imo I think the header (# Downloading Your World) does it

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86360684/132077650-d085fb30-d9f9-479f-801c-81fca0d9f188.png)

Doesn't look like it, there should be a line above "Managing" but there isn't.

Reviewer 2: @Mocab Can you send a screenshot of what it looks like with the 'line'.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86360684/132078143-e5820817-0d93-4817-ab58-c2209d813b9f.png)

@DaddyChimken

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
Imo, I'm fine with either. So I'll let you two discuss.

Reviewer: Well, "Managing" looks a lot bigger, and it's underlined.

Author: Please take a look at the screen shots above, I do not see any lines in the first screen shot

Reviewer: What?

Author: Do you want to remove the lines?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86360684/132271210-230e5773-4fe5-48d1-bd95-1d7c5b31e011.png)

Reviewer: As I previsouly said, there's no need to have a line separating as the text formatting already does it job imo.

Author: @KorbsStudio what do you think? should we add a line to separate the download and upload guides?

Reviewer 2: This discussion is taking way longer than it should be.

I'll give my input, please remove the line. The title markdown (`#`) already separates the sections enough.

# Downloading Your World

> Would you like to download a world from your server? Great! Follow the guide below to learn how!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to download a world from your server!
```

1. Go to the [game panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net).
2. Click on your server.
3. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.
4. Locate your world folder, it is usually called `world`.
5. Check the boxes to the left of your world folders.
6. Click on "archive" at the bottom of the page.
7. A new file should be created, locate it and click on the 3 dots to its right.
8. Click on "download".
9. Your world folder should be downloaded!

> > Note: If you are using spigot or any of its forks, you should also have `world_nether` and `world_the_end`, these are also your world files so make sure to download them alongside `world`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are using Spigot or any of its forks, you should also have `world_nether` and `world_the_end`, these are also your world files so make sure to download them alongside `world`.
```

Reviewer 2: @Mocab Doesn't vanilla Minecraft also come with the Nether and End? Or are those world folders named differently?

Author: should I add a way to migrate your world from vanilla to spigot...?

Reviewer 2: > Vanilla Minecraft has only 1 world folder, the nether and the end dimensions are merged with the overworld into a single `world` folder, however spigot and its forks have them in separate folders as show in the guide

Ah alright.

Reviewer 2: > should I add a way to migrate your world from vanilla to spigot...?

Imo that isn't in the scope of this article.
